feature(diagnostic): add `vim.diagnostic.count()` (#26807)
neovim/neovim: runtime/doc/news.txt

• |v_Q-default| and |v_@-default| repeat a register for each line of a visual
  selection.

• |vim.diagnostic.count()| returns the number of diagnostics for a given
  buffer and/or namespace, by severity. This is a faster alternative to

>   `vim.diagnostic.get()` when only the number of diagnostics is needed, but

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  |vim.diagnostic.get()| when only the number of diagnostics is needed, but
```

Author: Missed it! Thanks!

• |v_Q-default| and |v_@-default| repeat a register for each line of a visual
  selection.

> • |vim.diagnostic.get_count()| returns severity count. It is designed to be
>   a faster alternative to counting output of `vim.diagnostic.get()`.

Reviewer: Modulo word-wrap:

```suggestion
• |vim.diagnostic.count()| returns the number of diagnostics for a given buffer and/or namespace, by severity. This is a faster alternative to `vim.diagnostic.get()` when only the number of diagnostics is needed, but not the diagnostics themselves.
```
